Question 0: What is the URL of your python flask_restfull code on github???
https://github.com/RahulKorde19/CMPUT404-Lab7-Flask

Question 1: How are Flask and Django different? What does Django provide for you that Flask does not?
-Flask supports one single application while Django allows developers to divide a project into multiple
page application. Django provdes a MVC framework while microframework Flask does not. Django offers dynamic
HTML pages while Flask doesnt. Dango has a built on ORM while Flask doesnt Django has the functions of authorization 
and authentication built in.


Question 2: What does REST stand for? When I say something is RESTful, what does that mean?
-REST stands for Representational State Transfer. RESTful means that API is designed to take advantage of 
HTTP protocols. RESTful web services are stateless. RESTful web service is a web service
that is implemented  using HTTP and principles of REST. 
It is a collection of resources with 4 defined aspects:  the base URI for the web service, the 
Internet media type of the data supported by the web service, the set of operations supported by the 
web service using HTTP methods (e.g., POST, GET, PUT or DELETE), and the API must be hypertext driven.


Question 3: What does CRUD stand for? For each letter in CRUD, give the associated HTTP method.
-CRUD stands for create, read, update, DELETE.
Create - POST
Read - GET
Update - PUT
Delete - Delete

Question 4: What do HTTP 1XX Status Codes mean? HTTP 2xx? HTTP 3xx? HTTP 4xx? HTTP 5xx?
1XX - Informational 
2XX - Success
3XX - Redirection
4XX - Client Error
5XX - Server Error


Question 5: What is an XSS attack? Provide one way a site can be vulneratble to an XSS attack.
XSS attack is where a hacker injects malicious code into a website. 
Atackers initate an XSS attact by sending a malicious link and enticing the user to click it

Question 6: What does CORS stand for? What situation in web application development will you need to implement CORS protection?
CORS stands for Cross-Origin Resource Sharing. 
It enables  controlled access to resouces located outside of a given domain. It extends and adds flexibility to the dame origin policy(SOP)

Hint: What does the CO part of CORS mean?
Cross-Origin